3rd Client Meet
- Client Level view already discussed
- Project level view: Client would see an overview, client sees a project
	- Not about specific project view: Overall projects under a client- On whose side is it? Both admin as well as the particular client, once the admin uploads and gives access: one view where admin will upload things, while for a specific client, user will see their projects
How will admin specify what projects client will see? Admin wnts only the list of all the clients in the master page, view for founders/organisation view
- Options to Add new project, add new client, projects nested within clients, client page structures required.
- Product Planning to be used in the beginning of the new financial year.
- Clients see only their projects. Admin have multi-user access; differential access of permissions.
Field staff can only enter the data, but not edit data.
- Field visits will be used as tools to gather data from primary sources related to their issues. Field employees are different from admins. Admins will create projects, log frameworks and so on. Field staff will evaluate the data and records, about where the numerics stand wrt the established goal. They can only add data for a restricted period of time, that is, till that particular milestone is alive.
Project ID and Client ID will act as primary keys for the data models established for the pages created, and database.
- Admin has to be given an option to add fields for a project, a skeleton has to be prepared for the platform and all the pages. Many things are optional for projects as per the requirements, so all the possible options to modify database, in the external view, without impacting the lower levels of schema architecture, have to be provided to the admins.
-Functionalities to Create Employer Ids, Field Staff Ids.
-%age of completion of project: What is the Metric? Progress bar for visualisation? When the admin goes to the log framework, they see a progress bar, and a timeline for the project. There exists numerical targets for each task, within the particular project, such as in a foundation project, the first task is laying of foundation, which may be divided into a number of subtasks as well. But there is a downside as well. Lets say a project is such that it leaves no space for admin to understand what all tasks can the project be divided into, or the idea about what all tasks are involved in the project develops later on. Because of this, the admins may end up developing a wrong idea about how much work is to be done, how much work has been done. In oredr to fix this issue, we involve human expertise in this metric of estimation as well. An option is provided for a checkbox, where the admins can choose whether they want to use the algorithm deployed by us to estimate the progress of a task, or they can choose to manually enter the &age, in case the algorithm fails to understand the details and nuances in Human Sciences requiring human intervention in terms of interpretation and scrutiny, which have to be solved by field staff who may use compational tools to solve the issue and estimate the progress on the basis of different proxy indicators that they have. The same option has to be provided to the admins for estimating progress of a task. Therefore, we need an appropriate hybrid of algorithm and human ingenuity to handle these metrics.
- Input vs Output vs Outcome vs Impact: These are technical terms related to the domain in which our client works. They have to be accomodated in the Dashboard. A set of inputs lead to an output, a set of outputs lead to an outcome, a set of outcomes lead to an impact. For example, the fan is turned on. Turning on the switch is equivalent to giving an input signal, the fan starts to rotate, which is an output, thereby producing the outcome of air circulation and cooolness in the room, therefore, leading to our feeling pleasant and being able to focus on our job and not feel disturbed as well. Thus, gauging the impact, which is usualy felt, and not visible physically, would require human intervention of setting out ingenious proxy indicators
- Tree Map graphs, Funnel graphs, Sunburst Charts, clustered bar charts, stacked bar charts, donut charts, Heat maps, Circle Chart: Ways of data visualisation depending on the data and the context
- KPI: For each project, admin can add a KPI. Ways to automate calcuation of completion estimation on the basis of numerical targets set, as per the algorithm. But KPIs should be able to be added by the admins as well. Admin can choose to include a particular KPI and type of metrics to include in the algorithm while calculation.
- Admin should have the option to also upload the kind of chart they would want to visualise. Static pictures and dynamic changing.
- Blog section to be provided to give an idea of success stories, a tab in each project page (data model) to handle different subsections. 3 tabs for a project page: Case studies, Data visualisation, Gallery
- Functionality to print all the data, and selected tabs of a project page, or client page, a mini dashboard for a client or a project, to give review for a client, and also provide downloading facilities for the selected pages in selected form like pdf. Extensive Data Export options have to be provided to the admin as well, an option to download in chosen form.
- A structure of the Case Studies page should also include space for a picture, and facilities of wordings into those pictures provided in the page as well.
- Data collection by field staff. When people conduct surveys and projects, people usually don’t collect primary data about the preconditions of the data, before the program has begun. That data is called the baseline for that timespan, and the same collected after the implementation of the program, or a particular milestone, or completion, is the target required for the particular milestone.