#DASS: !st client meet
A startup named **Anusandhan Social Consultants LLP**, the members of the startup are involved in social work, making a social impact, a lasting social impression on the fabric of human society through several different ways. They mainly initiate developmental projects for a wide variety of target audiences, thereby facilitating the upliftment of the downtrodden, and hence functioning as a non-profit, Non-Governmental Organisation, and breaking a cycle of perpetual poverty for the target audience. A few possible examples of such projects undertaken by them include, but are not limited to, establishing schools for children below a certain age group in rural Telengana, helping adolescent boys of age group 14-18 who have dropped out to gain education, or giving employment to housewives and therefore, creating more job requirements and as a Keynesian economist would say, increase aggregate demand by creating more job opportunities, thereby creating a higher flow of liquid currency in the economy. The projects initiated may vary in terms of their duration. They may be **short-term (6 months)**, or may continue over a period of **5 years (long-term)**. They also work with corporates, and ensure that corporates follow their social responsibilities as well.
	Unlike our client, there are certain startups and organisations which work to make profit. Such organisations are **‘For-profit organisations’**. There are certain for-profit organisations which make profit but use the profit obtained to help the concerned beneficiaries who are in distress. Our client has also worked in partnership with such organisations as well.
	Our client also practices **Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)**, a business practice that considers the social and environmental impact of a company's activities. It's a self-regulated approach that goes beyond legal obligations to make a positive impact on society. It involves ethical behavior, compliance with applicable laws and international norms, adoption of responsible business practices, and acknowledgement of responsible business norms and practices.
	An instance of a client they have worked with, involved the usage of water hyacinth for generating employment and boosting aggregate demand. Water-hyacinth, an aquatic plant, grows rapidly on the surface of stagnant water bodies such as lakes and ponds. They have an exponential population growth rate and can quickly, within a matter of days, grow rapidly and cover the entire surface of the water-body, preventing any sunlight to reach the bottom of the lake or pond, thereby, stripping the aquatic plants growing in the deeper layers of the water-body of any sunlight, rendering them unable to photosynthesise, and also quickly asphyxiating the aquatic animals, thereby, hampering the aquatic ecology at play. Therefore, the project our client had undertook involved removal of water-hyacinth at an appropriate rate from these water-bodies, and employing housewives not involved in any paid job (not adding quantifiable value to the macro-economic structure), to manufacture products like baskets out of the water hyacinth, thereby turning the waste into a potential storehouse of economic value whose value is realised in the economic market, as well as also generating employment. Some examples of target audience may be construction workers, or girls of age group 10-18, and so on and so forth.
	Many such developmental projects had been undertaken by our client. For example, in a certain region in rural Telengana, there was a single school within a radius of miles on end. However, the school was in ruins, with no proper infrastructure, or faculties to teach the kids. So, they made partnership with a certain corporate and allocated funds for proper renovation of the school, and eventually succeeded in establishing a proper infrastructure and facilities in the school. 	However, the success of the developmental projects they undertake are not quantified or measured simply by the improvement in infrastructure or allocation of funds, but by a very complex melange of quantifiable, interpretable parameters, which, even though subjective in terms of the inferences one can make from these quantificative changes or milestones, play a great role in tracking the progress of these developmental projects. These quantifiable parameters, accompanied by a series of questionnaire to make sense of the real situations on ground and quantify them as much as possible in order to make inferences out of them, are called **‘proxy-indicators’**.
	For instance, in the example of the previous development project stated earlier, in order to ascertain whether the renovation of school has actually brought in some development on ground or not, we have to ascertain whether it has increased participation amongst children of the village, especially amongst the economically underprivileged even among the people in the village. And let’s say that during this period of time, the price of Urad dal had shot up from Rs.80/kg to Rs.155/kg. Thus, we can ask questions of the following sort:
1. Has your household consumed Urad dal at least once in the past 2 weeks?
2. How many children are there in your household?
3. How many of them go to school?
If the answer to the 1st question is ‘No’, 2nd one is not 0, and 3rd one is not 0, and the number of such households has increased in the rural areas, then it can act as a sufficient indicator to infer that the participation of children in going to school has increased and the underprivileged are actually benefitting from the developmental project on ground, and not only a certain sect of people.
	These quantifiable, interpretable parameters called proxy-indicators can be used to measure the success of the developmental project undertaken by our client. It can be used to check how many of the milestones have been completed, and to what extent. An analysis or overview of the situation can also be provided based on the statistical inferences that are made out of qualitative analysis of the data.
	The client, therefore, wants our team, to build a **Monitoring and Evaluation (M&E) Dashboard**, with a user-friendly interface, with requirements stated in due course of the document, along with certain changes as and when required, that would enable the client, as admins, to monitor the progress of the developmental projects they had initiated and are continuing, along with projects that have already been completed in the past, and the ones that are yet to be initiated. They require an interface that enables them to systematically track the progress of the projects and the milestones involved in them, the funds and budget allocated to them and all such relevant details, mostly on a quarterly basis, though the tracking and analysis can be done over variable periods of time as well, as per requirement and convenience, and therefore, determine, whether they are ahead of the goals already set by them, or falling behind. In case such a situation arises that they are lagging behind in a certain project or milestone, the interface should also have the facility to be able to provide a quantitative analysis of the specific areas where they are yet to meet their requirements.
	This Monitoring and Evaluation Dashboard, through which our client would gain access to  knowledge related to the status of the projects and milestones involved in them, should also have the facility to support different external views for the same internal schema involved. The admins, on one hand, should be able to track just anything, along with certain other people involved in the startup at different posts gaining a differential access to certain elements and features of the dashboard. Also, as mentioned earlier, there would be different target groups that would be impacted by the projects undertaken. Hence, the beneficiaries should also be able to access the dashboard, of course, in user view, with access to only those details necessary to them. This, as stated by our client, would also mean, that the dashboard is connected to an already-existing website of theirs, probably under some subdomain.
	The dashboard allows admins to see how the projects are progressing in real time and shows important details like milestones, progress and the overall health of the project. Users and admins should also be able to view reports, upload documents and communicate directly through the platform. There is supposed to be a facility for comments in the interface as well, similar to the Salesforce Lightning Experience.
	Every program initiated has a life-cycle of its own, beginning from its inception, to conceptualisation, to requirements, ascertaining goals to achieve, allocation of funds, designing strategies to achieve goals, and finally, achieving the goals for the target audience. Keeping track of the progress of the project and milestones would require checkboxes to address the yes-no Boolean questions as well as structures addressing those fields requiring a percentage completion of milestones.
	The work for every project, say renovation of schools in rural areas, might be ongoing in several different regions of the nation, such as Telengana, Chattisgarh, Jammu and Kashmir. Also, a project, say to develop healthcare facilities available to pregnant women in rural areas, may be considered under both healthcare as well as woman empowerment. However, for the sake of simplicity, every project will be considered only under one main field. But to address the nuances related to the field under which the stated project exists, we would also include the facility of tags to mark each project under multiple fields in addition to the main field. Also, the dashboard should also have a filter that would filter the projects by regions as well as field.
	There are many different requirements and details that we would have to keep in mind while designing the entire interface and integrating it with the back-end as well. We have to keep a differential edit access available to only some, like the admins, while some would have only view-access. Also, for security purposes as well, it is necessary to have an authentication mechanism that would allow only the users, admins and related people to access relevant details. An authentication for login, and some sort of a password to access the page are most basic requirements that have to be kept in mind, added to the fact that for every user who has signed in, and all the other people, we would have to maintain a database at the back-end with all the relevant details, like is done in most such websites, and integrate it with our platform as well. Also, as already stated, since different clients belong from different target audiences, they would have certain projects beneficial to them. A pregnant woman devoid of basic healthcare facilities would probably not be interested in knowing about projects and milestones that further establishing of a high school in the village. Therefore, to address the vast spectrum of audience, and add to the user-friendliness of the interface, we certainly will have to make sure that there exists some facility through which users can view only relevant projects.
	Also, to ensure effective feedback and possible improvements, it is necessary that the admins and other members of the startup are able to communicate with the beneficiaries on ground, which would certainly help them ascertain what improvements can be inculcated in the projects from their end, and addressing technical questions like how can they ensure a more efficient allocation of funds. In order to do that, one-to-one communication is also necessary, and thus, we have to keep threads for comments in the platform as well.
	In order to keep clients, users and admins updated to the ongoing projects and happenings, it is better to have notifications sent to them through mails whenever any important event pops up, or whenever any milestone is reached or a hallmark is achieved. So this integration also has to be committed to ensure that things function smoothly. And when would mail via notification be sent on the device? In order to address this, we would have to incorporate data visualisations on the platform, which would give the admins and clients an understanding of where the projects stand, and what are the statistics related to the project that has been undertaken, thereby providing the numbers required to the admins related to the project. This makes it easier for both the users and admins to kep track of the milestones as well, as a ‘picture says a thousand words’. Pictorial representation of data is absolutely indispensable while designing the interface, and tracking progress.
	In short, the interface has to have a user-friendly view, added with the differential requirements that would be necessary for different groups of people accessing the interface. Admins should be able to have a ‘project-centric’ view that enables them to track progress of every aspect of projects and related milestones with ease, along with the distinct features of data visualisations aiding a substantial quantitative analysis and qualitative inference.
