# Client Meet
- Client asked us to state the progress of our work from the last meet. We stated that we had made a demo video that we were supposed to make. We would play that video today, which would serve as a pivot to the client, a point on which further developments that we would need to make, in the existing interface, apart from new implementations, would be based on.
- More types of data visualisations need to be added to the Charts Tab in the Release-2. Nikhil would implement sunburst charts, treemaps, heatmaps among many other types of graphs and charts, other than different subtypes of already implemented graphs like bar graphs.
- The client also wants a functionality for them to be able to use GPS facility to figure out the region where a project is being implememted. So, basically, a facility has to be provided for them to add region of the project, and also another attribute (region), to the Project Entity, in the User Interface. The location of the Project would be helpful. We add location of project as well. So, we can deliberate amongst ourselves the changes we would make to the UI, added to possible changes in the Schema, given the fact that I had suggested earlier, an attribute called State/Region, in the Project Schema.
- GPS, photos of sites from cameras and satellites for authentic and different views, timestamps would be helpful for the agent in conducting fieldwork, or the admin in entering data and monitoring the same.
- The underlying idea is ensuring the authenticity of the data entry in the interface. Data would be entered by either field staff or admins. So, we touch upon two distinct aspects of the interface.
- Firstly, we talked about the differential views of dashboard based on the roles. The field staff and admins would have different views and a differential access for the dashboard. That would reflect in the design and functionalities. We are yet to come up with the role-based differential view considering the three roles possible for the usage of this interface, but we, as a team, and Anvith, in particular, will be actively working towards this aspect.
- Secondly, the client wants us to have the timestamp, the location, the username and mail id of the agent/admin who had updated the KPI or made an entry. After any update has been committed to the interface and the corresponding database with respect to a task, related KPI, visualisation, the admin should be able to view the username, email id, and other details of the one who committed the update. This ensures authenticity and responsibility on the part of the agent/admin making the changes. This would be implemented on the UI level, by providing the clickable username or something of that sort, that would allow the admin to view the entire profile of the one who has committed the update.
- Uploading documents, PDF, CSV files for charts tab also has to be implemented. This would also mean, taking into account the complex nuances of data that are involved in the domain of Human Sciences, and might also highlight the fact that there is a limitation to what numbers can tell us about the world through their inferences and frameworks used to look at them. Many complex relations can be captured in datasets that are uploaded through files, and be represented visuallyu in the charts tab, while also dynamically updating the KPIs and the Timeline of the Project in terms of the tasks involved in the project.
- Testing the authenticity of the updates committed to the data, would also require the location of the agent/admin who had committed the updates. From where he/she had committed the updates, and the corresponding pictures from the ongoing project, would serve as proper evidences, enough to account for the authenticity. So, these aspects have to be taken care of accordingly.
- As we had stated before, we have to implement a location aspect to the project. For example, a project is runnning in Gachibowli, but would also start in Jammu somewhere in some region. So, what the client wants is that a facility that would enable the admin to search for a project that is running in multiple places, and how it is progressing at those places, and a possible comparison as well, represented through the progress bar. So, what Gautam suggested is that we provide the admin with a facility to import the data from different project into a new created project under a client, and then change certain details accordingly, thereby allowing the admin to make the necessary adjustments across tasks and KPIs and other details, while automatically also updating the charts, KPIs and tasks, when any one of them are being updated or created manually.
- Chatbot feature is also to be implemented into the interface, that would help the admin get insights  on a specific project, task, KPI, chart, or any other aspect of their work. For that purpose, the chatbot obviously has to be fed with the related data, or given access to the available data as per admin’s choice, so that it is able to draw more detailed and accurate inferences and suggestions on the projects.
- Success story integration with AIs: Anusandhan does not follow a fixed template for writing all the success stories. Suppose an admin goes to the field, or a field agent does so, and understands what all happened with the particular project, the particular subject involved in the project, how the subject or client benefitted from the project, formulate some numerical parameters to estimate the success in that specific case on the spot, to include in the questionnaire.
- This further highlights one greater methodological aspect of qualitative research in Human Sciences in particular. Qualitative research is focussed more on covering the depth of the truth, rather than the breadth and making inferences based on numbers only. Anusandhan has elements of both inculcated in its work, which is a truth highlighted by the fact that there is a Qualitative-Quantitative continuum in research methodologies, the attitude with which a question is approached in the first place, or is sought to be solved. In that process, a wide variety of tools, or methods might be implemented. And it is, in this context, also to be highlighted, that the methodology of going about answering a research question, or solving a social problem, engineering some social change through any philosophical underpinnings, and thereby, implementing social projects, is a higher order problem than merely imploementing some research method for data collection and analysis. It requires being reflexive about the way the question is being approached, why it is being approached the way it is, what methods are being used for data collection and analysis and why, and about the nature of logical enquiry and scientific procedure. This, if I may say fancily, includes ‘thinking about thinking’, and therefore, is a higher order problem, on a cognitive and fundamental level, than choosing which method to implement in data collection and analysis.
- Having stated this aspect of any research, especially those in Human Sciences, we need to understand that the field agent collecting the data, can be considered to a person having similarities to an ethnographer, in the context of collecting information about success stories. Therefore, he/she has to, on the spot, formulate questionnaire, to be able to connect to the subject and gauge the depth of success and the impact the project had had on the subject. Doing so would inevitably require the elimination of a strict fixed question template followed by the agent, owing to the fact that qualitative research requires one to follow a research design while deploying any research method for data collection (in this case) as well as data analysis, such as interviewing the subject, while at the same time, being flexible enough in the methods deployed that allows the agent to dig deep enough into the psyche of the subject, and thereby, capture the nuances of the circumstances, and the positive impact the project has brought into their lives. Therefore, integrating the success stories tab in particular, to Artificial Intelligence, providing them with a somewhat detailed context and prompts, related to both qualitative and quantitative forms of collected data, along with the ingenuine questions formulated by the agent on field, might help the admins generate better success stories without spending too much human labour on this domain, owing to the fact that AI can understand the context of data analysis, and therefore, generate success stories, aided by related documents and pictures uploaded as part of the series of prompts provided by the admin.