## 5th Client Meet
- Gautam shows the UI for the project overview page for client: Anusandhan wants some modifications. The logframe level should be indicated for each KPI. Starts with activities and their Kpis at the bottom, and then put in a single page, in increasing logframe level of structure and their associated KPIs.
- Including a progress bar in the project overview page that would update with each task done, and each KPI that is updated to dynamically change the progress.
- Nikhil shows the frontend design for the data visualisation page for charts and graphs. Options for different types of charts are available. There also exists a feature for dragging the CSV or some other types of files, from which the data would be extracted and converted into graph via backend and connected database.
- The client had a confusion about the structural level at which the page would be rendered. Nikhil clarifies that the page is only on the level of a single project. All the data charts and graphs about the project would be displayed on the graph. The client suggests that this overview page for every single project should also have the facility for text and writing other things alongside charts.
- The client also states that the initial project overview page should also contain the overview of all projects in a similar fashion, just on a higher structural level, i.e., on the level of all projects combined, which is the landing page. The landing page will have the same functionalities as the individual project page, where the client should be able to add charts and text as needed.
- Anvith deliberates on the differential access provided to different users based on the roles. Field agents can have access to uploading images and certain other stuff, while the clients also have certain other kinds of access, but not changing the data fed in the visualisations. Field agents won’t be given access the option to edit data and status of projects, but only entry the data. Only upload access for photos and excels to field staff for now, the current release.
- But Gautam raises a valid point regarding access given to field agents. Say a KPI is about the number of trainees trained in a given time period. Say a field agent is certifying them, and therefore, also updating or enhancing the KPIs for that project. But if that agent is not given access to update the KPIs, but only the access to upload excel sheets, then what would happen is that the field staff, if maintain and update the editable sheets, then they are anyways bound to have access to updating the KPIs.
- Thus, the client wants to see how the KPIs would be updated when done by a field agent in real time in order to understand how the interface would dynamically work in real time, and how the differential permission aspect would be integrated with the frontend, backend and other modules present in the entire product. The next meeting would be about addressing this very aspect of the interface.