## Client Meet
- Features are in progress. Nikhil is adding diffrent types of charts. Gautam is working on uploading documents. We are adding the chatbot feature, and adding an aspect of location into the system, to ensure authenticity to the added projects, for the clients who want to view them.
- Suma ma’am, is travelling outside the next week, but we can meet online.
- Document types to be supported for uploading: PDF, Word, Excel, Image, CSV, Audio
- On the overview page, we would add a progress indicator for the ovreall project, and a space for the admin to add and upload documents, and texts. If someone wants to understand wants tp understand what the project is about, the description should be present in the respective tabs, and the overall Project, such as Project Description, or say, specific timelines, or tasks. (Gautam)
- Anvithraj: He raises a valid question, “How do you want the interface for the field staff to look like? Because as far as I remember correctly, he/she should not be able to edit details about the projects, the numerical details of it. They should only be able to upload details, pictures, and related details for charts, or upload documents related to project etc.” Ma’am, clarifies more. The client has a more complete view of the specific project which they are part of. But the field staff has a view access to even only the specific details that they are handling related to project.
- Landing page of the client: The project stats page, that shows the list of all the projects that are being added in every quarter, instead of the project list view for the client. The Project Stats page, therefore, plays a very important role in terms of quantifying, in brief, and updating, what all things are going on, in the corresponding Project, at a glance. All the numbers visible at one place, gives the user a comprehensive idea, in brief, a taste, of what is going on.
- The interface of the client is pretty similar to that of the admin. It is just a matter of difference of the permissions provided by the interface. The admin has a Project Gallery Page, where he/she can view all the clients, and clicking on them leads them to the Project Page for each client. In case of admin, the Project Gallery Page, is the landing page, while for a client, the Project Page is the landing page. Also, in the Project Page, the More options provides only one option of ‘Logout’, for the Client, while it provides certain other privileges for the admin.
- The concept of geotagging is very essential to ensure authenticity and transparency on the part of the field staff and clients as well. This ensures that field staff can not update any numeric parameters, upload any form of data including documents and images from the site, if they do not provide location access while working on their interface. So, what we would incorporate as a feature in our interface, is that we can ask for permission for accessing their location, and if they deny it, we can algorithmically ensure that no data gets updated in the related database, and no change of state occurs in the entire system, retaining the previous state.
- What all we are aiming to implement in the interface for the next week:
	- Task level and project level upload features would be available. At the level of each task, the admin can upload documents, images, or other forms of data and files and correspondingly also update the KPIs, to show a change in the related KPIs in the KPI tab. And at the Project level, in the overview page, user should be able to view a description of the project that enables them to understand and walk through the project on a certain basic level, along with the added features of uploading the documents, and other files, that would also change things at the project level. That upload feature should be present at the project level page.
	- Interface for field staff needs to be designed. That interface, is going to be pretty different from the admin as well as client interface (both being not much different). However, this interface, designed for field staff, needs to have only uploading data access, and no access to view or edit anything, outside of the project and the fields or attributes, or aspects of the project they are working in. Also, they can’t change the state of the system, without allowing access to their location. This would require a radically different interface.
- Adding a new tab for chatbot, will be available as a feature. This feature shall be available for the ease of the clients. The data should be automatically fed to the chatbot, related to the context of all the related projects, so that it can pull out the required data, as and when clients ask a specific question, and answer and clear the doubts of the clients accordingly. So, definitely, it is a client specific chatbot, meant to make the lives of the clients easier. Also, it should not put forth wrong information, or hallucinate, like ChatGPT. However, we intend to implement it within a very short period of time, which would mean that the chatbot might lack scalability. It may not be able to handle the issue of pulling out data, and analysing and processing the data correctly, if there are a lot of projects going on at once, thereby, also meaning that the client would naturally also want an additional feature to update the app, and develop it in the long term, in due course of time, but that, other than our providing of the dynamic space for development in this feature, or even in general, is outside the scope of our work.
- Our client would be travelling out of station, and therefore, would most probably, not be available in person. Therefore, the next meeting, would most probably be scheduled online, with regular communication held in between, as usual, on WhatsApp.