- Demo Video was pitted against a black background, which is why, it was not visible on screen, due to the dark theme. This was one aspect where we lost one mark in R1 presentation, where the client was asked to grade.
- UI light mode is required, which we will design in R2.
- Client asked us what we would do in R2. What are the new features in R2 that we are going to implement? Viswas stated that we would implement more tabs in the Project Page.
- Client asked as if we are okay with us demonstrating the demo of the interface of the priduct to a client company, by virtually joining a call that she is going to schedule for us with that company.
- Client wants us to add the facility to provide the user to be able to change the colours of the charts and visualisations.
- Nikhil had also pointed out that we have two ways of data sourcing for the Charts Tab, static and dynamic data sourcing. For the static data sourcing, admin provides an excel or a JSON file, or something representing a data, and the Charts Tab implements and generates the visualisation.
- The demo videos that we had communicated unofficially to the client through WhatsApp, got compressed. So, she wants to view the demo video again. Nikhil, for his charts tab, also wanted example data, for a social project that Anusandhan Social Consultants may undertake for a client. Our client stated that she had provided us with some KPIs, while explaining the logframe levels in the Excel sheet that she had provided us, to explain the various possible KPIs, which we had used in the KPI tabs, to dynamically also update the corresponding visualisations in the chart page as well.
- White and Blue, is the colour theme available for now. The client said that the Dashboard itself should be colourful, and the client had stated that we should provide her the option to choose the colour scheme for themselves in the interface.
- Comment section should be added, is what we suggest, while our TA had suggested that we should add an AI chatbot feature. Client wanted to know hw we would implement an AI chatbot that analyses and gives inferences or comments on each project that changes dynamically. We think we can try implementing the AI chatbot.
- Client commented that we should add some more types of data visualisations in the charts tab for the R2, such as sunburst charts, heatmaps, treemaps, stacked bar chart etc. Based on the data, dofferent visualisation would capture certain aspects of the project better.
- Sunburst used when we have multiple suboptions for one option. Nikhil has an idea of the greater philosophical discussions about the kinds of visulaisations that are used in which place.
- One great question that was posed by Gautam, is about the dynamic evolution of KPIs with time. In R1, we had only implemented the diachronic evolution of the KPIs tracked against time, along with corresponding modifications in the Timeline and Charts Tab. However, in R2, we are planning to fine tune the features implemented along these lines, by adding on to the paradigmatic complexity of the discussion in the first place. There, we will add more features such as, for every project, comparing the tasks and KPIs based on the logframe levels which they belong to, to help the admin understand the dynamics of the project better. This would require us some more time, but we feel we can do something about it.
- For example, in the Activity level, we have say, number of youth trained in one program tracked across time, being connected dynamically to the corresponding charts in the Charts tab and the Timeline Tab as well. Then, we also have number of youth trained in two programs tracked across time, being connected dynamically to the corresponding charts in the Charts tab and the Timeline Tab as well. We are going to implememt features to dynamically compare the two. In other words, we are trying to implement the features of visualisation comparisons, that would make the life of our client easier. How? By providing comparisons that allow admin to make the inferences out of that data, that a social scientist does. The social scientist needs to run those computational analysis on the required data, to be able to get some quantitative data to be able to make some qualitative inferences out of them. We are going to try to provide them, those specific QUANTITATIVE analyses, at least some of them, that they would require, to augment and help them in making those qualitative inferences of some value, aiding in social engineering through the social project. They would no longer require to run the data computations of their own accord to make those inferences, or at least run less computations out of their own creativity, we would try to do that. And for this, we need to address the dynamic nature of different projects, so this is a hard task.
- Anvithraj asked about the credentials generated and provided to the users by the system, which would be approved by the admin as well. Client stated that she wants us to be able to give the option to also send those credentials via the mail.
- Success stories of the particular client, would be implemented in R2. Log framework tab should be kept for the last, in the Project-level Page to be implemented in R2.
- We have not yet implemented the field staff interface yet. So the data-entry aspects and differential nature of permissions granted to them, with respect to the access given to them. But we would first address the elephant in the room, the structure of the website and the functionalities.